Bog

Adventure 1:

DM: Debbie M
Date: 2023-04-22
Location:  Vancouver Wolf and Hound
Adventure: Shadows of Despair (Tier 2)
Adventure code: CCC-GSP-MON01-01
Players: Bramley @Alana (she/her) , Grumthos @Gareth (He/Him) , Arod @stephenw, Bog @Jake , Adoahn @Adam , Ramsey @Liam S. 

Rewards:  
1 level up and 10 downtime days
150GP each

Magic Item: 
Necklace of Fireballs

Consumables: 
Potion of Greater Healing
Spell Scroll of Greater Restoration

Story Rewards: 
A Grateful Father - You have helped the blacksmith, Jaylan Blackwood rid his daughter of madness and an unexplained illness. He is forever grateful. 
Helping a Champion of Hillsfar - You have freed a mighty hero of Hillsfar from his curse. Your deeds spread far and wide and eventually reach the leaders of Hillsfar.

Thanks for a great game today friends! You all were hilarious and now I gotta get more inspiration candy! 🍬 
Alana

DT used to catch up

------

+1 Level, winged boots, and 250gp from DM rewards

______

+1 Level, +10 downtime (spent to catch up), lightbringer, from DM rewards

------

The Cackling Chasm
DDHC-IDRF-02
Date: 03/10/23
DM: Blake
Location: The Wolf and Hound
Players: @RayneCoat, @Adam, @Sarah L., @(Charlie)  Evrandle, @Jake
Rewards: 52GP (260GP divided among 5 players)
Level Up Opportunity
10 DT Days
Treasure: 27CP, 14SP, and 5GP each
Magic Items:
Hook of Fisher's Delight
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/2188379-hook-of-fishers-delight 
Extra: Chwinga Charm of Snowball Strike (Awarded to @(Charlie)  Evrandle) :This charm has 5 charges. As a bonus action, you can expend 1 of the charm’s charges to create a magical snowball in your hand and throw it. You must have a hand free to hold the snowball, or the charge is wasted. The snowball is a magic ranged weapon with which you are proficient. It has a normal range of 20 feet and a long range of 60 feet, it deals 1d4 cold damage on a hit, and it scores a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20. If you score a critical hit with the snowball, the target is blinded until the end of its next turn. The snowball vanishes immediately after you hit or miss with it, or at the end of your turn if you don’t throw it. Once all its charges have been expended, this charm vanishes from you. 
Chardalyn weapons (2 javelins and 1 flail) collected by @(Charlie)  Evrandle 
D&D Beyond
Icewind Dale: Rime of the Frostmaiden
Feel the cold touch of death in this adventure for the world’s greatest roleplaying game.
Icewind Dale: Rime of the Frostmaiden
A creature hit with a Chardalyn weapon must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving hrow or be poisoned until the end of its next turn. 
A character who claims one or more of these weapons can be corrupted by them. Each day at dawn, roll a d6 for each such weapon in the character’s possession. On a roll of 1, the character must succeed on a DC 13 Charisma saving throw or become an evil NPC under the DM’s control, unless the character is evil already. This alignment change can be undone by any magic that ends a curse, but after ten days, it can be reversed only by a wish spell or divine intervention.

Level Up declined

------

Spent 5 DT days to trade lightbringer to Crusch for Headband of intellect


-5 DT days to trade amulet of the devout to Crusch for lightbringer
