Crusch

https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/98738532


Adventure 1:

Adventure: Ooze There?
Adventure Code: CCC-RPSG-01
DM: Craig Whiteman
DCI#:83196622614
Date:04/19/2023
Location: The Wolf and Hound
Players: Charlotte (as Brunnhilde),  Noran (as Barry), Gilbert (as Gilligon), Jake (as Crusch), and Jay (as Elof)
Rewards: 141 GP each, level up opportunity, and 10 downtime days:
Consumables: Potion of Healing (1 each)
Magic Item: Sovad's Staff of Flying (Broom of Flying) Wonderous
This wooden broom, which weighs 3 pounds, functions like a mundane broom until you stand astride it and speak its command word. It then hovers beneath you and can be ridden in the air. It has a flying speed of 50 feet. It can carry up to 400 pounds, but its flying speed becomes 30 feet while carrying over 200 pounds. The broom stops hovering when you land.

You can send the broom to travel alone to a destination within 1 mile of you if you speak the command word, name the location, and are familiar with that place. The broom comes back to you when you speak another command word, provided that the broom is still within 1 mile of you.

DT used to catch up

------

Adventure 2

Date: April 26, 2023
DM: Rebecca
Location: The Wolf & Hound
Adventure: An Unfamiliar Court from Eyes Unclouded
Players: Navi (Sarah), Crusch (Jake), Brunhilde (Charlotte), Elof (Jay), and Paige Brewster (Craig)
Rewards:
-10 DT days
-level up opportunity
-20 GP each
-1 GP for Elof and Paige (Goldfish game)
-Amulet of Charm Protection
Wondrous item, uncommon (requires attunement)
While wearing this amulet, you are protected from enchantment magic. You have advantage on saving throws against being magically charmed.
-Figurine of the Cat King
Wondrous item, very rare
This porcelain figurine has been crafted as a perfect replica of the Cat King to commemorate the independence of Eleutheria. Holding the figurine and speaking the command phrase transforms the holder into an identical representation of the Cat King: a 4ft tall, chubby tabby cat complete with crown and cape.  
Sarah

------

Advanture 3

The Scroll Thief 
Date: 29/04/23
DM:  Charlie
Location: Wolf and Hound pub
Players: @Arianna @Jake @Paul (He/Him) @Aarun Dave
Rewards: 
Level up opportunity
10 downtime days
Treasure:
- 179gp each

Consumables:
- Potion of Greater Healing

Magic Items:
- Headband of Intellect 
and Spell Scroll Fireball 
sadly we lost two friends today but may they be inclined to be resurrected they are Entitled to all of the above except the gold is 68gp (270gp/4)  per person


------

Spent 5 DT days to trade Headband of intellect to Bog for Lightbringer

-5 DT days to trade lightbringer to Bog for Amulet of the devout
