DM: Mark
Adventure: DDEX1-12 Raiders of the Twilight Marsh
Location: The Wolf & Hound
Date: June 3, 2023
Players: Charlotte D (Lift), Paul (Jack Altray), Jake (Thoras), Lusheen (Tariestel Falmeri), & Jasper (Karaken).
Rewards: Level Up & 10 downtime days.

Notes:
Drasvor Nishom (the wealthy merchant) was disappointed the Dragon Cultists removed the ‘magical chest’ from the Dragon’s Lair prior to the arrival of the adventurers.  Drasvor expressed his appreciation for the adventurers’ help; however, he was unable to reward the adventurers, as he would need these funds to locate his stolen chest.  Two days later, Drasvor, along with a party of hired swords and magic-users, boarded a ship to the City of Mulmaster (location on the other side of the Moonsea) in search of his stolen chest.

For the next ten evenings, the characters found a single yellow rose on their pillows when they retired for the night.  There were no clues as to who (or what) left the rose…

With the help of the adventurers, Bogclaw was able to obtain the holy artifact of Semuanya (the god of the lizardfolk).  With the artifact in his possession and the disappearance of the Black Dragon from the Twilight Marsh, Bogclaw was able to unite the lizardfolk tribes, cementing his position as King.  Bogclaw formed an alliance with the two surviving trolls of the Hall of the Raging Minotaur.  Now, with a powerful army behind him, Bogclaw launched a series of raids on the ‘warm blooded’ interlopers in the Twilight Marsh.  Dozens of farms located along the Trench River were destroyed, and countless farmers (and their livestock) become tasty meals for the lizardfolk, and their troll allies. 
*DM’s note: Next Saturday (June 10) I am planning to run a Tier 2 adventure (The Drowned Tower) set in the City of Mulmaster.  There, the characters may have a chance encounter with Drasvor Nishom in his quest to find his stolen magical chest.

Treasure:
846 gold pieces each.
The dragon’s hoard consists of a collection of coins, gemstones, and jewelry worth a total of 4,000 gold pieces.  The characters also found 230 gold worth of coins (a mixture of silver, electrum and gold) and gems in the living quarters of the cultists.


Magic Item:
+1 splint mail

-------

DM: Mark
Adventure: DDEX1-13 Pool of Radiance Resurgent
Location: The Wolf & Hound
Date: June 17, 2023
Players: Charlotte D (Lift), Paul (Jack), Jake (Thoros), Stanley (Alset) & Sam (Korkan).
Rewards: Level Up & 10 downtime days.

Notes:
With the new Pool of Radiance destroyed, Ayzariel Winterlight, the last living Hero of Phlan, found peace in the knowledge that a Great Evil was prevented from arising again.  That night, the elderly half-elf dreamt about his old friends, the Heroes of Phlan, and their adventures 131 years ago; Ayzariel found eternal peace in his dream, as his soul departed for the afterlife.  A beautiful memorial service was held to honour Ayzariel Winterlight, with the characters being invited as honoured guests.

Five days after Ayzariel Winterlight’s passing, Dannika Nishom, the daughter of Drasvoc Nishom, arrived to take the characters to her father in the City of Mulmaster (located on the other side of the Moonsea).  Dannika brought news about the rumours of her brother’s (Alystar Nishom’s) resurrection.  Dannika booked passed for the characters onboard Waukeen’s Bounty, a grand merchant vessel. 

Heartfelt Goodbyes.  The evening before the characters departed for the City of Mulmaster, a feast was held to honour the characters at the Orc & Boar Tavern.  Many tearful goodbyes were said.  Ayasha gave each character a warm hug and thanked the characters for giving her husband (Maldor) the will to live.  Tarro and his border collie hugged and licked (dog) each character.  Even Misty dropped by the tavern, giving Lift, who she had mistaken for Elara, a warm hug and a bottle of homemade twilight berry wine.
City of Mulmaster.  The journey across the Moonsea was uneventful; the characters were provided with first class accommodation onboard Waukeen’s Bounty.  Drasvor Nishom greeted the characters upon their arrival to Mulmaster.  Drasvor arranged accommodations for the characters at Sailor’s Haven, an establishment his family has owned for three generations.  Drasvor said his agents had not reported back yet and will call upon the characters when they did.

After a restful night’s sleep at Sailor’s Haven, the characters heard news about the recent suicide of a member of the Brotherhood of the Cloak; a prestigious Order of Magic-Users in Mulmaster.  Rumours circulated around the tavern of the suspicious nature of the ‘suicide’.  Also, there was talk about the appearance of the top of a buried tower on the nearby beaches of the Moonsea.  A day later, a letter from Salvar Briz, a high-ranking member of the Brotherhood of the Cloak, arrived for the characters at the tavern, requesting a meeting.

The Mists and the Quivering Forest.  With each passing day, the mists inside the Quivering Forest grew; those living outside the forest reported seeing undead horrors travelling along the boundaries of the forest at night.  The elves within the forest reported seeing Jeny talking to unseen entities in the mist. 

DM’s note: 
For the next two Saturdays (June 24 & July 1) I will be running ‘The Drowned Tower’, a tier 2 adventure set in the City of Mulmaster (this will allow the Players who participated in this adventure to take part in ‘The Drowned Tower’).  On Saturday, July 8, I will be running ‘Black Hearts of Vengeance’ (tier 2), which will focus on the rumoured resurrection of Drasvor Nishom’s son.  The following Saturday (July 15), I will run ‘Mayhem at the Earthspur Mines’ (tier 2), which will conclude the Tier 2 story arc for the characters in Mulmaster (I will be running tier 1 adventures set in Mulmaster on Wednesdays).

July 22 (Saturday) will mark the return of the characters to Kabel’s Hill (a hamlet north of Phlan) and the Quivering Forests, as the characters explore the Mists of the Quivering Forests and uncover Jeny’s connections to the Mists.  This campaign story arc will consist of five tier 2 adventures set in Ravenloft.

Treasure:
267 gold pieces each.
1,000 gold pieces rewarded by Ayzariel Winterlight (200 gp per character).  335 gold worth of coins and valuables were found in the tunnels surrounding the crater (67 gp per character).


Magic Items:
Potion of Greater Healing
Scroll of Dispel Magic
Mantle of Spell Resistance
Wonderous item, rare (requires attunement).
You have Advantage on saving throws against spells while you wear this cloak.
